Update triage guidelines (#5430)
kubernetes/community: contributors/guide/issue-triage.md

The SIG has developed a [triaging page](/sig-cluster-lifecycle/grooming.md) detailing their process, including the [Milestones](#planning-milestones) stage. Here is a [March 2020 presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q07_PfkNjlw) delivered to the SIG chairs and leads group on their process.

## Step One: Review Newly Created Open Issues

> Kubernetes issues are listed [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues). Labels are the primary tools for triaging. [Here's a comprehensive label list](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/labels). New issues are automatically assigned a `needs-triage` label indicating that these issues are currently awaiting triage. After triaging an issue, the triage engineer needs to apply the `triage/accepted` label using the bot command `/triage accept` as a comment. This will remove the  `needs-triage` label and add a `triage/accepted` label indicating that an issue is ready to be worked on. Note that adding labels requires Kubernetes GitHub org membership. If you are not an org member, you should add your triage findings as a comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes issues are listed [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues). Labels are the primary tools for triaging. [Here's a comprehensive label list](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/labels). New issues are automatically assigned a `needs-triage` label indicating that these issues are currently awaiting triage. After triaging an issue, the issue owning SIG will apply the `triage/accepted` label using the bot command `/triage accepted` as a comment. This will remove the  `needs-triage` label and add a `triage/accepted` label indicating that an issue is ready to be worked on. Note that adding labels requires Kubernetes GitHub org membership. If you are not an org member, you should add your triage findings as a comment.
```
A few small suggestions inline, but one overall one - if you don't mind breaking this into multiple lines. It's a lot to have on a single line :x

Author: @mrbobbytables sounds great. Thanks!

> SIG leads should identify at least one SIG member to serve as a triage engineer or first point of contact for new issues.

Reviewer: SIGs don't really do this but instead do dedicated triage sessions as a group - it ensures multiple people are kept in the loop about whats going on (scalable).

I'd either remove this line or rewrite it to focus on triage sessions.

Author: This line was added in the original doc at some point but I agree, let's remove it.
